chore: Add a Contributing.md file in rs/embedders (#4677)
dfinity/ic: rs/embedders/Contributing.md

= Introducing a new System API or changing an existing one:

1. Specify the new API or make the required changes to an existing one in the [portal](https://github.com/dfinity/portal) repository. Typically, you would want to make changes in the [following file](https://github.com/dfinity/portal/blob/master/docs/references/ic-interface-spec.md). Make sure to provide motivation for the new API or changes you're making and how it would benefit the ICP protocol.
2. The Rust CDK would need to be updated: [Rust Canister Development Kit](https://github.com/dfinity/cdk-rs). Inform *@eng-sdk* of the work required.
3. Motoko would need to be updated: [Motoko](https://github.com/dfinity/motoko). Inform *@eng-motoko* of the work required.

> 4. Implement the new API in `embedders` crate. Main parts that need to be updated: the wasm validation, the linker of the system API against the Wasm module and the implementation of the system api itself.

Reviewer: what do you mean by "wasm validation" here? isn't validation implicit by adjusting the linker?

5. Add an entry for the new System API (or update an existing entry) in `system_api_complexity.rs` to capture the overhead of calling this API. See the doc comment in the file for more details.
6. Tests: functionality and wasm validation code tests. System API availability tests should also be extended for the new/updated API. Additionally, add some execution level tests that exercise the API. These can be typically added in `execution_environment/tests/hypervisor.rs`.

> 7. Update the implementation of the universal canister and replace `universal-canister.wasm.gz` with the newly generated one.

Reviewer: the universal canister is no longer checked in the repository

> 8. Once the *Interface Spec* PR is marked as final, [Motoko](https://github.com/dfinity/motoko) and [Rust CDK](https://github.com/dfinity/cdk-rs) can be updated to use the new API. Coordinate with *@eng-sdk* and *@eng-motoko* as needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. Once the *Interface Spec* PR has been agreed on, [Motoko](https://github.com/dfinity/motoko) and [Rust CDK](https://github.com/dfinity/cdk-rs) can be updated to use the new API. Coordinate with *@eng-sdk* and *@eng-motoko* as needed.
```

> 8. Once the *Interface Spec* PR is marked as final, [Motoko](https://github.com/dfinity/motoko) and [Rust CDK](https://github.com/dfinity/cdk-rs) can be updated to use the new API. Coordinate with *@eng-sdk* and *@eng-motoko* as needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. Once the *Interface Spec* PR is marked as final, [Motoko](https://github.com/dfinity/motoko) and [Rust CDK](https://github.com/dfinity/cdk-rs) can be updated to use the new API on a feature branch. Coordinate with *@eng-sdk* and *@eng-motoko* as needed.
```

> 9. Once the implementation is rolled out fully on mainnet, the Interface Spec PR can be merged to master.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
9. Once the implementation is rolled out fully on mainnet, the Interface Spec PR, Rust CDK, and Motoko changes can be merged to master.
```
